what is the biggest city in wyoming
what wyoming city has the largest population
what is the largest city in wyoming
where is the most populated area of wyoming
which city in wyoming has the largest population
what cities in wyoming have the highest number of citizens
what cities in wyoming have the highest populations
what is the most populous city in wyoming
what is the largest city in wyoming by population
what is the largest city of wyoming
what is the city in wyoming with the largest population
which rivers run through the state with the largest city in the us
how big is new mexico
what is the area of new mexico
how large is new mexico
what is the area of the new mexico state
what is the size of new mexico
what is the area of new mexico in square kilometers
how many people live in california
how many people reside in california
how many residents live in california
how much population does california have
what are the population of california
what is the population of california
how many people are in the state of california
what can you tell me about the population of california
how many people are there in california
how many citizens in california
how many people stay in california
how many citizens live in california
what state has the smallest population
what is the least populous state
what is the state with the lowest population
give me the cities in texas
tell me what cities are in texas
what cities are located in texas
what are the cities in texas
what cities in texas
give me the cities which are in texas
what is the area of the state with the capital albany
give me the lakes in california
name the major lakes in michigan
what are the states
list the states
give me all the states of usa
which states do ohio river flow through
what states does the ohio river run through
what states border the ohio river
which states border the ohio river
what states does the ohio run through
where is the ohio river
which states does the ohio river run through
which states does the ohio run through
which states does the ohio river pass through
what are the states that the ohio run through
which state has the ohio river
what states have rivers named ohio
through which states does the ohio flow
what states are next to the ohio
through which states does the ohio run
what states does the ohio river go through
what state has the largest population
what is the most populous state
what state is the largest in population
which state has the biggest population
which state has the greatest population
which state has the most population
what state has the most people
which state has the most people
what is the most populous state in the us
what state has the highest population
what is the lowest elevation in pennsylvania
what is the highest point in each state whose lowest point is sea level
what is the length of the longest river in the usa
how long is the longest river in the usa
what is the longest river flowing through texas
what is the largest river in texas state
what is the longest river in texas
what is the biggest river in texas
what is the longest river that flows through texas
what are the biggest rivers in texas
how many rivers are in idaho
give me the number of rivers in idaho
how many rivers does idaho have
how many rivers are there in idaho
how many rivers run through idaho
how many rivers are found in idaho
how many rivers in idaho
what states neighbor kentucky
which states border kentucky
what states border kentucky
give me the states that border kentucky
what state borders kentucky
what states are next to kentucky
what states surround kentucky
which state borders kentucky
what are the neighboring states for kentucky
which states adjoin kentucky
states bordering kentucky
which state border kentucky
what is the adjacent state of kentucky
name all the rivers in illinois
rivers in illinois
what are all the rivers in illinois
what are the rivers in illinois
what rivers are in illinois
what rivers are there in illinois
what rivers run through illinois
what rivers flow through illinois
what river flows through illinois
what are the rivers in the state of illinois
name the rivers in illinois
what are the rivers of illinois
which rivers are in illinois
which rivers flow through illinois
what is the river that cross over illinois
what river runs through illinois
what state is springfield in
where is springfield
springfield is in what state
what states have cities named springfield
which states have cities named springfield
which state is springfield in
what states have a city named springfield
what state has the city springfield
what states have towns named springfield
what state is springfield located in
in which state is springfield
which state is the city springfield located in
what states in the united states have a city of springfield
what is the population of the state with the largest area
what is the population of the largest state
how many people live in boulder
what is the population of boulder
how many people lived in boulder
number of people in boulder
what is the population of boulder city
how big is the city of boulder
population of boulder
what is the population in boulder
people in boulder
how many people in boulder
how many inhabitants does boulder have
number of citizens in boulder
how many citizens in boulder
what is the smallest city in alaska
which states lie on the largest river in the united states
which states does the longest river run through
which state has the longest river
what are the states through which the longest river runs
which states does the longest river cross
what is the population density of the state with the smallest area
what is the population density of the smallest state
which states have points higher than the highest point in colorado
which states have points that are higher than the highest point in colorado
what states high point are higher than that of colorado
what is the highest elevation in delaware
how high is the highest point of delaware
how tall is the highest point in delaware
what is the highest point in delaware in meters
how high is the highest point in delaware
give me the longest river that passes through the us
which is the longest river in usa
what is the longest river in america
name the longest river in us
what river is the longest one in the united states
what is the longest river in the us
what is the longest river
what is the longest river in the united states
what state has the city with the largest population
what state has the largest city
which state has the largest city
what state has the city with the most population
what is the smallest city in the largest state
what state is the biggest
what is the state with the largest area
what state has the largest area
what is the biggest state in continental us
state the state with the largest area
what is the largest state in usa
what is the biggest state
what is the biggest state in the usa
give me the largest state
what is the largest state in the us
what is the largest state
what are the highest points of states surrounding mississippi
what are the high points of states surrounding mississippi
what is the highest point in states bordering colorado
what is the highest point in the states bordering colorado
what is the state with the lowest population density
what state has the lowest population density
which state has the lowest population density
which state has the smallest population density
what state has the sparsest population density
which state has the sparsest population density
what state has the least population density
which state has the least population density
what state has the smallest population density
where is the highest point in texas
what is the highest point in texas
what is the high point of texas
what is the highest mountain in texas
could you tell me what is the highest point in the state of texas
what states have no bordering state
name the states which have no surrounding states
which states border no other states
what is the area of the state with the smallest population density
count the states which have elevations lower than what alabama has
how high is guadalupe peak
how tall is guadalupe peak
what is the maximum elevation of guadalupe peak
how high is the highest point in america
what is the highest elevation in the united states
what is the elevation of the highest point in the usa
what is the height of the highest point in the usa
how long is the rio grande river
what is the length of the rio grande river
what length is the rio grande
how long is the rio grande
how long is the rio grande river in miles
how long is rio grande
how long is the longest river in texas
what is the length of the longest river that runs through texas
how many capitals does rhode island have
how many cities are there in the united states
how many cities does the usa have
how many cities are there in the us
how many cities are there in usa
how many cities are there in us
how many major cities are there
how many citizens does the biggest city have in the usa
how many colorado rivers are there
how many rivers are called colorado
what is the population of seattle washington
how many people live in seattle washington
how many people live in the biggest city in alaska state
how large is the largest city in alaska
how many people live in the capital of texas
what is the size of the capital of texas
how many people live in the united states
what is the combined population of all 50 states
how many states are in the usa
how many states are there
how many states are there in the usa
how many states does usa have
how many states are in the united states
how many states are there in united states
how many states border kentucky
how many states does kentucky border
kentucky borders how many states
number of states bordering kentucky
what is the number of neighboring states for kentucky
how many states border the state with the largest population
how many states do not have rivers
how many states have a higher point than the highest point of the state with the largest capital city in the us
name the major rivers in illinois
what are the major rivers in illinois
what are major rivers in illinois
what major rivers run through illinois
through which states does the longest river in texas run
what are the capital city in texas
what is the capital of texas
what is the capital of the texas state
what is capital of texas
what is the capital of the state texas
can you tell me the capital of texas
what are the capitals of states that border texas
what are the capital cities of the states which border texas
what are the capitals of the states that border texas
which capitals are in the states that border texas
what are the cities in states through which the mississippi runs
what are the cities of the state with the highest point
what are the highest points of all the states
what are the major cities in kansas
what are the major cities in the state of kansas
what major cities are located in kansas
show major cities in kansas
what are the names of the major cities in kansas
what are the major cities of kansas
what is the major cities in kansas
what are the major cities in states through which the mississippi runs
what are the major cities in the usa
what are the major cities of the united states
what are the major cities of the us
what are the population densities of each us state
what are the populations of states through which the mississippi river run
what are the populations of states through which the mississippi runs
what are the populations of the states through which the mississippi runs
what are the populations of states through which the mississippi river runs
what are the populations of the states through which the mississippi run
what are the populations of the states through which the mississippi river run
what are the populations of states through which the mississippi run
what are the populations of the states through which the mississippi river runs
what are the populations of states which border texas
what are the populations of the major cities of wisconsin
what are the populations of all the major cities in wisconsin
what is the population of the major cities in wisconsin
what city has the most people
what city in the united states has the highest population density
what is the most populous city
which us city has the highest population density
what is the biggest city in the usa
whats the largest city
what city has the largest population
what is the biggest city in the us
what is the biggest city in usa
what is the biggest capital city in the us
what is the largest capital city in the usa
what is the largest state capital in population
what is the largest capital
what is the most populated capital in the usa
what capital is the largest in the us
what capital has the largest population
what is largest capital
what is the capital of states that have cities named durham
what is the capital of the smallest state
what is the capital of the state with the largest population density
what is the capital of the state with the largest population
what is the capital of the state with the most inhabitants
what is the capital of the state with the longest river
what is the combined area of all 50 states
what is the area of all the states combined
how many square kilometers in the us
what is the total area of the usa
what is the density of the wyoming
what is the population density of wyoming
what is the density of wyoming
what is the highest mountain in the us
what is the highest mountain in us
what is the tallest mountain in america
what is the tallest mountain in the united states
what is the highest point in the state with capital des moines
what is the highest point in the state with the capital des moines
what is the highest point in the usa
what is the highest point of the usa
what is the highest point in the country
what is the highest point in the us
what is the highest point in the united states
what is the highest point of the state with the smallest population density
what is the largest city in smallest state through which the mississippi runs
what is the largest city in the smallest state in the usa
what is the biggest city in the smallest state
what is the largest state bordering california
what is the largest state that borders california
what state that borders california is the largest
what is the longest river in the largest state
what is the longest river in the states that border tennessee
what is the longest river that flows through a state that borders tennessee
what is the longest river that runs through a state that borders tennessee
what is the longest river in the state with the most major cities
what is the lowest point in iowa
what is the lowest point in iowa in meters
what is the lowest point in the state of iowa
where is the lowest point in iowa
what is the lowest point of iowa
where is the lowest spot in iowa
what is the lowest point in usa
what is the lowest point in the united states
where is the lowest point in the us
what is the lowest point of the us
what is the lowest point of all states through which the mississippi river runs through
which is the lowest point of the states that the mississippi runs through
what is the most dense state in the usa
which state has the highest population density
which state has the greatest density
what state has the highest population density
what state has the greatest population density
what state has the largest population density
what is the state with the largest density in usa
what is the state with the largest population density
which state has the largest density
what is the most populous state through which the mississippi runs
what state which the mississippi runs through has the largest population
what is the population density of the largest state
what is the population of the largest city in the state with the largest area
what is the population of the smallest state
what is the population of the state with the highest population density
how many people live in the state with the largest population density
what is the smallest city in the usa
what is the smallest city in the us
what city has the least population
what is the city with the smallest population
what is the smallest state bordering texas
what is the smallest state that borders texas
which state has the smallest area that borders texas
what is the smallest state that the mississippi river runs through
what is the state with the smallest area
which is the smallest state
which state is the smallest
what is the smallest state in the usa
what is the smallest state by area
what state has the smallest area
what is the total length of all rivers in the usa
what river flows through the most states
which river goes through the most states
which river runs through most states
which river traverses most states
what river traverses the most states
which river runs through the most states
what river runs through the most states
what rivers are in states that border alabama
which rivers run through states bordering alabama
what rivers flow through states that alabama borders
what state bordering oklahoma has the largest population
which of the states bordering oklahoma has the largest population
what state that borders oklahoma has the highest population
what is the most populated state bordering oklahoma
what state contains the highest point of those the colorado river traverses
what state has the largest capital
which state 's capital city is the largest
what state has the longest river
what state has the smallest urban population
what states border states that border colorado
what states border states that the mississippi runs through
which states border states through which the mississippi traverses
what states border states which the mississippi runs through
what states border texas and have a major river
what states border the most populous state
what are the states that border the state with the greatest population
what states border the state with the smallest area
which states border the state with the smallest area
what states contain at least one major rivers
where are mountains
where is the highest mountain of the united states
which state has the highest peak in the country
where is the smallest city
which is the density of the state that the largest river in the united states runs through
which is the highest peak not in alaska
which rivers do not run through tennessee
what rivers do not run through tennessee
which rivers do not run through usa
which rivers run through states that border the state with the capital atlanta
what rivers run through the states that border the state with the capital atlanta
which state capital has the smallest population
which state has the highest elevation
which state has the highest point
what state has the highest elevation
in which state does the highest point in usa exist
what state has highest elevation
what is the state with the highest elevation in the united states
what is the state that contains the highest point
what state contains the highest point in the us
which state has the lowest elevation
what is the name of the state with the lowest point
what is the state with the lowest point
which state has the lowest point that borders idaho
which state has the smallest average urban population
which state is mount whitney in
in what state is mount whitney
where is mount whitney
where is mount whitney located
which states have a river
what states have rivers running through them
which states have a major city named austin
what is the largest city in a state that borders california
what is the largest city in states that border california
how many rivers do not traverse the state with the capital albany
what is the shortest river in texas
what are the major cities in the smallest state in the us
what is the population of the capital of the largest state through which the mississippi runs
what is the shortest river in the usa
what is the shortest river
what is the shortest river in the us
what is the shortest river in the united states
which is the shortest river
what is the capital of the state that borders the state that borders texas
what is the smallest city of the smallest state in the us
what is the population of the largest state that borders texas
what state is salem the capital of
what states capital is salem
salem is the capital of which state
what state has the capital salem
what rivers flow through the state with the largest population
what is the largest state that borders the state with the highest population
how many rivers are there in us
name the 50 capitals in the usa
how many states have a city named springfield
how many states have a city called springfield
how many states have cities named springfield
how many states have cities or towns named springfield
what state borders the state with the smallest population
what are the lakes in states bordering texas
how many major cities are in texas
how many big cities are in texas
how many major cities are there in texas
how high are the highest points of all the states
how many states does the missouri run through
how many states does the missouri river flow through
how many states does the missouri river run through
what is the longest river in the smallest state in the usa
what is the average population per square km in pennsylvania
what states border states that border states that border florida
how many states border at least one other state
what is the height of the highest mountain in texas
how many states border colorado and border new mexico
how many major cities are in states bordering nebraska
what is the total population of the states that border texas
what are the major lakes in united states
show me all the major lakes in the us
name all the lakes of us
how many major rivers cross ohio
what state has the shortest river
how many states are next to major rivers
what is the height of mount mckinley
what states does the shortest river run through
what is the highest point in the state with the smallest population
which rivers run through the state with the lowest elevation in the usa
what rivers run through the state with the lowest point in the usa
what mountains are in alaska
how many states have major rivers
what is the smallest state through which the longest river runs
what is the largest state traversed by the rio grande river
what is the largest of the state that the rio grande runs through
how many rivers run through the states bordering colorado
what state has no rivers
what is the capital of the largest state
what is the capital city of the largest state in the us
how many cities are in texas
how many cities does texas have
what is the area of the states
how many states in the us does the shortest river run through
what rivers flow through states that border the state with the largest population
what are the major cities in the largest state
what is the area of the smallest state
which states border the longest river in the usa
what is the population density of the state with the smallest population
how many states border the mississippi river
what states have a capital that is the highest point in the state
what is the population of the capital of the smallest state
what is the population of the capital of the largest state
what is the lowest point of the state with the largest area
what states border states that border the state with the largest population
what is the size of the largest state in the usa
what is the area of the largest state
which capitals are not major cities
give me the cities in usa
what is the highest point of the state with the largest area
where is massachusetts
what state has the largest urban population
what are the major rivers in the us
how many cities named austin are there in the usa
how many people live in the smallest state bordering wyoming
what is the length of the colorado river in texas
what is the population density in the state with capital austin
how long is the shortest river in the usa
what is the elevation of death valley
what is the average population of the us by state
what rivers flow through the largest state
what states border states that border states that border states that border texas
how many states border on the state whose capital is boston
what are the major cities in the states through which the major river in virginia runs
which states does not border texas
how many states border the largest state
which state is the largest city in montana in
what is capital of the state with the lowest point
what is the biggest american city in a state with a river
how many rivers are in the state with the largest population
what is the largest state that borders the state with the lowest point in the usa
what is the capital of the state with the highest point
what is the capital of the state with the highest elevation
what is the highest point in the smallest state
how many rivers are in the state with the highest point.
how high is the highest point in the largest state
what is the longest river in the state with the highest point
papers that are coauthored by Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian
papers written by Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian
what are the papers that have Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian as co-authors
What papers have Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian written ?
what paper did Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian write together ?
Has Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian written a paper together ?
Papers by Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian
papers by authors Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian
What papers were written by authors Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian
papers by Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian
papers written by authors Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian
When did Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian collaborate ?
what are the collaborations of Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian ?
Have Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian written a paper together ?
Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian as co-authors
Does Peter Mertens ever collaborated with Dina Barbian ?
Which papers have Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian as co-authors ?
papers coauthored by Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian
What papers have been written by Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian ?
What papers have been written by both Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian ?
What papers have been written by Peter Mertens and Dina Barbian .
who has written the most syntactic parsing papers ?
who is the most published author in syntactic parsing ?
who has the most publications in syntactic parsing ?
who has written the most papers on syntactic parsing ?
List prominent scholars in syntactic parsing ?
who wrote the most papers on syntactic parsing ?
Who are the authors with the most published papers in syntactic parsing ?
top syntactic parsing author
top author in syntactic parsing
who published the most in syntactic parsing ?
who published the most papers in syntactic parsing ?
How many citation noah a smith has ?
noah a smith citation count
how many citations does noah a smith have ?
How many citations does noah a smith have ?
number of citations of noah a smith
How many citations does noah a smith have
How many times was noah a smith cited ?
How many citations does noah a smith has ?
chi papers
papers at chi
papers in chi
chi
Papers about chi
Show me chi papers .
what papers did chi publish ?
list papers published in chi
Papers on chi
Has mirella lapata written any papers in 2016 ?
What papers has sharon goldwater written ?
What papers has written by sharon goldwater ?
papers by sharon goldwater
what did sharon goldwater write ?
papers where sharon goldwater is an author
Papers authored by sharon goldwater
sharon goldwater papers
Papers by sharon goldwater
Papers written by sharon goldwater
which papers has sharon goldwater written ?
papers written by sharon goldwater
What has sharon goldwater published ?
Does sharon goldwater have any papers published ?
sharon goldwater 's papers
show me papers by sharon goldwater .
What papers are authored by sharon goldwater ?
papers by sharon goldwater ?
What was oren etzioni 's latest paper ?
Latest paper by oren etzioni
What is the latest paper by oren etzioni ?
What is oren etzioni 's latest paper ?
What are the latest papers by oren etzioni ?
most recent papers by oren etzioni
are there any monte carlo simulation papers since 2011 ?
monte carlo simulation papers later than 2011
monte carlo simulation later than 2011
monte carlo simulation papers published after 2011
monte carlo simulation papers since 2011
does ras bodik publish a lot ?
How many papers did David M. Blei publish at AISTATS ?
How many papers does David M. Blei have in AISTATS ?
How many papers has David M. Blei published in AISTATS ?
how many papers does David M. Blei have at AISTATS
how many papers does David M. Blei have in AISTATS ?
how many David M. Blei papers are in AISTATS ?
How many papers David M. Blei has in AISTATS ?
How many papers does David M. Blei have in AISTATS
List all academic papers on machine networks for one shot learning
machine networks for one shot learning
which EMNLP 2010 papers have the most citations ?
Which paper from EMNLP 2010 was cited most ?
most cited EMNLP 2010 papers
which EMNLP 2010 papers have been cited the most ?
What papers were published at CVPR in 2016 about Class consistent multi-modal fusion with binary features applied to RGB-D Object Dataset ?
What papers were published at CVPR '16 about Class consistent multi-modal fusion with binary features applied to RGB-D Object Dataset ?
How many papers are in deep learning ?
How many papers are about deep learning ?
how many papers about deep learning ?
How many papers are related to deep learning ?
How many papers has Christopher D. Manning written ?
How many papers does Christopher D. Manning have ?
How many papers has Christopher D. Manning ?
How many papers has Christopher D. Manning published ?
how many papers has Christopher D. Manning written ?
Has Christopher D. Manning published any papers ?
how many papers has Christopher D. Manning published ?
how many papers does Christopher D. Manning have ?
How many paper does Christopher D. Manning have ?
How many publications does Christopher D. Manning have ?
How many papers does Christopher D. Manning have
number of papers written by Christopher D. Manning
what kind of papers does Luke Zettlemoyer publish
Keyphrases used by Luke Zettlemoyer
What keywords are in papers by Luke Zettlemoyer ?
keywords used by Luke Zettlemoyer
what keywords are used by Luke Zettlemoyer
keyphrases used by Luke Zettlemoyer
keyphrases by Luke Zettlemoyer
give me the keywords used by Luke Zettlemoyer
What topic does Luke Zettlemoyer write about ?
what topics does Luke Zettlemoyer publish in
keywords in the papers written by Luke Zettlemoyer
keyphrases used by Luke Zettlemoyer .
topics used by Luke Zettlemoyer
What conference does Daniella Coelho publish in ?
conferences that Daniella Coelho has published in
In which conferences does Daniella Coelho typically publish ?
in what conferences does Daniella Coelho publish ?
What conferences does Daniella Coelho publish in ?
At which conferences does Daniella Coelho publish ?
What conferences does Daniella Coelho submit to ?
How many papers are there ?
How many papers by Ed Desmond contain the keyphrases Semantic Parsing ?
How many papers does Ed Desmond have in Semantic Parsing area ?
How many Semantic Parsing papers has Ed Desmond written ?
How many paper has Ed Desmond written about Semantic Parsing ?
What conferences did li dong submit to in 2016 ?
Where did li dong publish in 2016
What conferences did li dong publish in in 2016 ?
Where did li dong publish in 2016 ?
acl papers in 2012 on Parsing
What papers were published in acl in 2012 about Parsing ?
papers on Parsing appeared at acl last year
Parsing papers from acl 2012
papers about Parsing in acl 2012
acl papers in 2012 in Parsing
acl papers in 2012 about Parsing
What papers were published at acl in 2012 were about Parsing ?
papers on Parsing appeared at acl in 2012
how many Parsing papers did acl 2012 have ?
who published Parsing papers at acl 2012
which papers in acl 2012 had Parsing in them ?
what were some Parsing based papers in acl 2012 ?
List the popular publications on dependent types
Which paper should I read about dependent types ?
top dependent types papers
List papers that has a keyword Question Answering
Question Answering research papers
papers on Question Answering
papers related to Question Answering
papers about Question Answering
Papers about Question Answering
papers published in the area of Question Answering
Question Answering experiments
Show me the papers on Question Answering
papers that used Question Answering
papers that mention Question Answering
Question Answering papers
Show me Question Answering papers .
Question Answering publications
Fetch me some papers on Question Answering
papers on Question Answering experiments
What papers talk about Question Answering ?
What is the paper about Question Answering ?
Which papers are about about Question Answering ?
list papers that used Question Answering
papers for Question Answering
List papers that has keyword Question Answering
papers with Question Answering in keyphrases
keyphrases used by Luke S Zettlemoyer for each year
recent research interests of sanjeev arora
recent papers by sanjeev arora
recent papers written by sanjeev arora
list papers published by balakrishnan prabhakaran
citation count of zachary tatlock 's papers
subhasis chaudhuri
list papers by subhasis chaudhuri
List of papers by subhasis chaudhuri
conference papers of subhasis chaudhuri
how many parsing papers in ACL 2014
how many parsing papers appeared in the proceeeding of ACL 2014 ?
how many parsing papers were published at ACL 2014 ?
brian curless convolution paper
convolution by brian curless
papers by brian curless about convolution
brian curless 's paper about convolution
What are the papers of brian curless in convolution ?
papers brian curless wrote about convolution
brian curless 's papers on convolution
What is the paper about convolution from brian curless ?
papers by brian curless in convolution topic
I want the papers on keyphrase0 by brian curless
convolution papers by brian curless
What papers has brian curless written on convolution ?
What papers has brian curless written about convolution ?
convolution paper by brian curless
Does brian curless do convolution ?
What papers has Liwen Xiong written in 2015
papers by Liwen Xiong in 2015
What did Liwen Xiong published in 2015 ?
Papers written by Liwen Xiong in 2015
What are the papers of Liwen Xiong in 2015
papers by Liwen Xiong from 2015
Papers published in 2015 by Liwen Xiong
what has Liwen Xiong done in the past year
What papers did Liwen Xiong publish last year ?
papers published in 2015 by Liwen Xiong
Liwen Xiong 's papers in 2015 ?
Liwen Xiong 's papers in 2015
Liwen Xiong publication 2015
Papers authored by Liwen Xiong in 2015
Papers from Liwen Xiong in 2015
what papers are published by Liwen Xiong in 2015
What TAIL paper published in NIPS ?
List the papers on TAIL that were published in NIPS
what are the papers in NIPS about TAIL ?
Papers about TAIL in NIPS
papers at NIPS related to TAIL
papers about TAIL published at NIPS
TAIL papers in NIPS
papers on TAIL NIPS
TAIL papers used in NIPS
How many co-authors has Mark Steedman had ?
keyphrases used by Christof Dallermassl in 2000
Keyphrases used by Christof Dallermassl in 2000
keyphrases Christof Dallermassl used in papers written last year
What are keyphrases by Christof Dallermassl in 2000 ?
what author is most cited ?
journal articles by mohammad rastegari
Journal Papers by mohammad rastegari
best paper in TACL 2014 ?
What was the best paper at TACL 2014 ?
who published at acl 2016 ?
acl 2016 authors
authors of acl 2016 papers
List of authors acl 2016
author published acl 2016
who had papers at acl 2016 ?
List of authors in acl 2016
How many papers were written on Multiuser Receiver in the Decision Feedback this year ?
How many papers run experiments on ImageNet ?
How many papers used ImageNet dataset ?
How many papers written on ImageNet ?
how many papers are based on ImageNet
how many papers use ImageNet ?
How many papers did Mirella Lapata cite ?
how many papers does Mirella Lapata cite
how many papers has Mirella Lapata cited ?
When does Michael Stonebraker publish the first VLDB paper ?
semantic parsing dataset
data sets for semantic parsing
list datasets for semantic parsing
datasets for semantic parsing
Datasets with semantic parsing information
datasets used by semantic parsing papers
datasets in semantic parsing papers
semantic parsing datasets
datasets in papers about semantic parsing
datasets used for semantic parsing
large-scale datasets used in semantic parsing
datasets with semantic parsing
datasets used for evaluating semantic parsing
where does Peter Mertens publish ?
in what venues does Peter Mertens publish ?
Where does Peter Mertens publish ?
how many papers appeared at nature communications last year
How many papers were at nature communications 2015 ?
how many papers accepted in nature communications 2015
How many papers were published in nature communications in 2015 ?
How many papers on nature communications in 2015 ?
how many papers in nature communications 2015
How many papers were accepted at nature communications 2015 ?
How many papers are presented in nature communications 2015 ?
How many papers published in nature communications in 2015 ?
how many papers published in nature communications 2015 ?
How many papers were published in nature communications 2015 conference ?
How many papers was published in nature communications in 2015
what was the first deep learning paper ?
what year was the first deep learning paper published ?
datasets mentioned at ACL
what datasets do papers at ACL use most ?
the papers on semantic parsing by li dong at acl in 2016
How many papers were written on convolutional neural networks in the past year ?
How many papers were published on convolutional neural networks in 2016 ?
How many papers were written on convolutional neural networks in 2016 ?
How many papers were written on the convolutional neural networks this year ?
how many papers on convolutional neural networks have been published in the past year ?
What papers were written on question answering this year ?
which year had the most NIPS papers ?
what year had the most NIPS papers ?
what year had the most number of NIPS papers ?
when were most NIPS papers published ?
who writes papers with Noah A Smith ?
Who is a coauthor with Noah A Smith ?
Who are Noah A Smith 's co-authors
Who has coauthored with Noah A Smith ?
co-authors of Noah A Smith
author who wrote papers with Noah A Smith
authors who collaborated with Noah A Smith
who does Noah A Smith author with ?
Who are Noah A Smith 's coauthors
who are all the co-authors of Noah A Smith ?
who does Noah A Smith work with ?
who does Noah A Smith collaborate with ?
Who are Noah A Smith 's coauthors ?
coauthors of Noah A Smith
what datasets did jitendra malik use ?
what datasets are used in papers by jitendra malik
what datasets did jitendra malik use in his papers ?
what datasets were used by jitendra malik ?
datasets used in papers written by jitendra malik ?
Datasets by jitendra malik
What datasets have jitendra malik used
recent deep learning papers
new deep learning papers
What are the latest publications on deep learning ?
Most recent deep learning conference ?
Show me some recent papers on deep learning ?
What are some recent papers written in deep learning ?
What is the most recent paper of deep learning ?
What are recent papers on deep learning ?
Current research on deep learning
latest deep learning papers
newest deep learning papers
What years did Pedro Domingos publish papers in ?
In what years did Pedro Domingos publish a paper ?
jamie callan 's publications by year
How many papers does jamie callan publish each year ?
number of papers by year from jamie callan
how many papers jamie callan published each year ?
who does oren etzioni cite
what papers does oren etzioni cite
papers citing Daniel Jurafsky
What papers cite Daniel Jurafsky ?
Which papers cite Daniel Jurafsky ?
citations for Daniel Jurafsky
journal papers for instance segmentation
who has the most papers in semantic parsing after 2005 ?
who has written the most papers on semantic parsing since 2005 ?
who published the most in semantic parsing after 2005 ?
How many citations does Dan Makumbi 's Genetic Identity paper have ?
character recognition papers earlier than 2010
papers before 2010 about character recognition
character recognition papers from before 2010
papers about character recognition from before 2010
character recognition papers before 2010
what topics does oren etzioni write about most ?
How many papers related to deep learning cited the dataset ImageNet ?
most cited papers on parsing
parsing top papers
List top papers for parsing
parsing papers that have the most citations
What is the paper about parsing of the most citation ?
Paper on parsing with most citations
parsing papers with most citations
most cited parsing papers
what are the parsing papers that have the most citations ?
highly cited parsing papers
most cited papers for parsing
Most cited papers on parsing
What paper did Michael Armstrong wrote in the 90s ?
What is the most cited paper by ohad shamir ?
What is the highest cited paper by ohad shamir ?
What is the most cited paper of ohad shamir ?
What is ohad shamir 's highest cited paper ?
What paper by ohad shamir has the most citation ?
what is the most cited paper of ohad shamir ?
what is ohad shamir 's most cited paper ?
How many papers did michael i. jordan publish in 2016 ?
How many papers does michael i. jordan have in 2016 ?
How many papers did michael i. jordan publish in 2016
count of ACL papers by author
how many ACL papers by author
number of ACL papers by author
who wrote the most papers for CVPR 2007
who published papers in CVPR 2007
who wrote the most CVPR papers in 2007
most published author at CVPR 2007
who published the most papers in CVPR 2007
Who published the most papers in 2007 at CVPR ?
How many papers in ACL 2015 ?
number of papers published in ACL 2015
papers from 2014
2014 papers
What papers does Richard Ladner have in chi ?
what paper has Richard Ladner published in chi journal ?
what paper has Richard Ladner published in chi ?
papers by Richard Ladner published at chi
Does Richard Ladner publish in chi ?
What has Richard Ladner published at chi ?
What papers has Richard Ladner written at chi ?
Which paper did Richard Ladner present at chi ?
What is the paper with the most citation about Artificial Intelligence ?
Fetch me the most cited publications for Artificial Intelligence
topics at ACL 2014
most common topics at NIPS 2015
most popular topics at NIPS 2015
hot topics at NIPS 2015
popular topics at NIPS 2015
which topics were most popular at NIPS 2015
topics popular at NIPS 2015
How many papers related to deep reinforcement learning in nips ?
Papers on WebKB
which papers used WebKB ?
papers about WebKB
List the papers that used WebKB dataset
papers using WebKB
papers that use WebKB
WebKB papers
papers that used WebKB
Papers that use the WebKB dataset
conferences in 2013
how is the most cited author in CVPR ?
who is the most cited author at CVPR ?
what are some syntactic parsing papers that chris dyer did not write ?
are there any syntactic parsing papers not written by chris dyer ?
what are syntactic parsing papers not written by chris dyer
syntactic parsing papers not written by chris dyer
papers published in the last year
When was benjamin mako hill 's first publication ?
When was benjamin mako hill 's first paper written ?
When did ameet soni publish ?
Who cites Daniel A Reed the most
Who cites Daniel A Reed most ?
how many papers are in sigir ?
how many papers does sigir have ?
how many papers are published in sigir ?
number of papers in sigir conference
what papers have fewer than 5 citations by ACL papers ?
ACL papers with less than 5 citations
what ACL papers have less than 5 citations ?
what papers have fewer than 5 citations by ACL papers
What are the 5 most recent papers of Mirella Lapata ?
What were the papers published at pldi 2015 ?
Papers from pldi 2015 conference
papers published at pldi 2015
What are the papers from pldi 2015 ?
Papers from pldi 2015 ?
Which papers were accepted in pldi 2015 ?
What papers were published during the conference pldi 2015 ?
papers in pldi 2015
List of papers in pldi 2015
pldi papers in 2015
what papers are published in pldi 2015
papers from pldi 2015
pldi papers 2015
pldi 2015 conference
pldi best paper award 2015
pldi 2015 list of papers
List today 's journals
List the journals published in March , 2011
ACL papers in 2016 with neural attention in the title
Who writes a lot of papers in Machine Learning ?
Who wrote sensor fusion ?
Authors of papers on sensor fusion
people working on sensor fusion
Who publishes in sensor fusion ?
who publishes papers about sensor fusion
how many papers by dan klein are cited by michael i. jordan
how many of dan klein 's papers cite michael i. jordan
who else was on the paper with Ameet Soni and Ras Bodik ?
2014 papers using ImageNet
What journals are Takashi Matsumoto 's articles published in ?
What journals has Takashi Matsumoto published in ?
In what scholarly journals does Takashi Matsumoto publish ?
What authors wrote papers about Bacterial Wilt in 2016 ?
Who wrote on the topic of Bacterial Wilt in 2016 ?
When did Luke S Zettlemoyer publish ?
question answering 2016 papers
What papers were written on question answering in 2016 ?
what keyphrases get most citations ?
Find journals about Temporal Data .
List the journals related to Temporal Data
which ACL 2014 papers about Parsing used Jeopardy! Questions ?
Parsing papers using Jeopardy! Questions published at ACL 2014
Parsing papers from ACL 2014 using Jeopardy! Questions
Parsing papers from ACL 2014 that used Jeopardy! Questions
papers about Parsing that used Jeopardy! Questions and were published at ACL 2014
in what journals does linda shapiro publish ?
Which journals did linda shapiro submit papers to ?
NIPS authors
who are the authors at NIPS ?
who authored papers at NIPS ?
who publishes in NIPS ?
who has papers at NIPS ?
which venue publishes the most papers about deep learning
How many publications were added to the Cell journal this year ?
How many articles were published in the Cell journal in 2015 ?
What are all the publication titles by Donald E Knuth ?
papers published in eccv 2016 by ali farhadi
Does ali farhadi have a paper in eccv in 2016 ?
papers of ali farhadi in eccv 2016
What are some papers dealing with Semantic Data in YAGO ?
Who has published more papers in chi ?
Who has written the most papers at chi ?
how is the most prolific author in chi ?
who published the most at chi
In what year did Ye Cao publish the most papers
What year did Ye Cao publish the most papers
conferences that mention ImageNet
first deep learning paper
What was the first paper on deep learning written ?
When was deep learning proposed ?
when was the first deep learning paper published ?
what papers were published in Academic radiology in 1995 ?
what papers do parsing papers typically cite ?
papers typically cited by parsing papers
venue for Trophic Cascade
conferences for Trophic Cascade
what conferences are related to Trophic Cascade
What was the conference name that approved Trophic Cascade ?
How many papers were written on question answering in 2011 through 2016 ?
What are the best NLP conferences ?
ACL papers by author
papers with more than 10 citations
Which authors published papers in 2015 ?
who wrote papers in 2015
what keyphrase does Brian DeRenzi write about that gets most citations ?
main topics of work by Brian DeRenzi
authors with at least 5 papers
papers that were not published in the last year
When was Michael Stonebraker GIS Database published ?
When did Michael Stonebraker publish his GIS Database paper ?
When does Michael Stonebraker publish the GIS Database paper ?
In 2010 what journal published an article about Trophic Cascade ?
What is the most popular paper this year in CVPR ?
How many citations does luke zettlemoyer have per year
authors working on ImageNet
What articles have been published since 2006 about the effects of juicing for cancer patients ?
Eric C. Kerrigan 's Liquid Automatica paper
Where did sergey levine publish his last paper ?
keyphrases used by dan klein in his emnlp papers
Who are the prominent researchers in Neutralizing Antibody in 2012 ?
the papers at eccv in 2014 using ImageNet dataset
which papers in eccv 2014 use ImageNet ?
eccv 2014 papers using ImageNet
Euclidean Distance papers citing NIPS papers
top authors working on ImageNet ?
how many ACL 2012 papers have more than 7 citations ?
What was the topic of best paper in 2012 EMNLP-CoNLL ?
How many papers has Noah Smith co-authored since 2009 ?
Number of ACL papers with more than 2 citations
What is the name of Eric C. Kerrigan 's Liquid Automatica paper ?
How many papers used ImageNet datasets in cvpr ?
What venues are for Neuroscience ?
When was the last time Mary Crainie published a paper ?
I want the co-authors of papers on Machine Translation Output with Philipp Koehn
How many papers does Samuel Madden publish outside of PVLDB area ?
which journal did Donald E Knuth publish his last paper ?
What is the venue of Fracture of acrylic bone cement ?
How many authors published at sigcse in 2010 ?
What is the year of publication of " A Switching Architecture For ISDN " ?
what keywords are used by papers at uist
Give me the papers written by Su-In Lee before 2012 .
papers in semantic parsing for each year
papers with at least 5 citations
papers cited by at least 5 papers
What is the most cited paper at sigcomm ?
What is the name of Ranjit Jhala 's Liquid Haskell paper ?
List all the businesses with more than 4.5 stars
List all businesses with rating 3.5
List all user ids with name Michelle
Find all states in which there is a Whataburger
Find all cities in which there is a restaurant called " MGM Grand Buffet "
Find the cities of businesses rated below 1.5
Find all cities which has a " Taj Mahal " .
List all the reviews which rated a business less than 1
List all the restaurant rated more than 3.5
find all cities which has a " Taj Mahal " restaurant
list all the reviews by Niloofar
list all the businesses which have a review by Niloofar
list all the businesses which Niloofar rated 5
List all the reviews by Michelle for Italian restaurant
find the number of reviews written for " Cafe Zinho " restaurant in Texas
List all 5 star Italian restaurant
List all the neighbourhoods with Italian restaurant in Madison
List all the neighbourhoods with Italian restaurant rated less than 2.5 in Madison
find all the restaurant in Pennsylvania
List all businesses that are restaurant in Pennsylvania .
Find all the reviews for all Pet Groomers with more than 100 reviews
What are all the breweries in " Los Angeles " ?
Find all breweries in Los Angeles
Find all breweries in " Los Angeles "
Find all users who reviewed restaurant " Mesa Grill "
List the addresses of all Walmart in " Los Angeles "
Find all restaurant reviewed by Patrick in " Dallas "
Which restaurant in Dallas were reviewed by user Patrick ?
Find all Bars reviewed by Patrick
Find all Bars reviewed by Patrick with at least 3 stars
Find all users who have written tips for " Barrio Cafe " in 2015
Find all businesses in Texas with a rating below 2
Find all restaurant Seafood in Los Angeles
List all the Seafood restaurant in " Los Angeles "
Find all restaurant that serve Seafood in " Los Angeles "
Find all reviews by Patrick with a rating above 4
Find all Apple Store in " Los Angeles "
Find all Dallas restaurant with a rating above 4.5
What neighbourhood is restaurant " Flat Top Grill " in ?
Find all tips about " Vintner Grill " that received more than 9 likes
Find all reviews about " Kabob Palace " in year 2014
Find all users who have written tips about businesses in Dallas
Find all cities in Texas in which there is a restaurant called " MGM Grand Buffet "
Find the users who have given tips on Pet Groomers
Find all tips for " Cafe Zinho " in Texas .
List all users who reviewed businesses that are restaurant .
List all tips for " Cafe Zinho " in Pennsylvania in 2010 .
List all users who reviewed businesses that are restaurant in 2010 .
Find all the tips from a user who has written a review in 2012
Find all reviews for businesses rated 2.5
find the number of escape games in Madison
What is the number of escape games in Madison
How many escape games exist in Madison
What is the number of escape games in " Madison " ?
How many escape games are there in Madison ?
find the number of restaurant rated more than 3.5
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurant in " Los Angeles "
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurant in " Los Angeles " on Friday
find the total checkins in Moroccan restaurant in " Los Angeles " per day
find the total checkins in Italian Delis in each state on Sunday
How many reviews has Niloofar written in 2015
what is the average rating given in Michelle reviews
What is the number of checkins for " Cafe Zinho " on Friday
how many users reviewed " Sushi Too " in Pittsburgh
What is the number of restaurant in Pittsburgh rated 4.5
How many tips have been written in 2015
What is the total likes on tips from Niloofar
What is the total likes on tips about " Cafe Zinho "
What is the total likes on tips from Niloofar about " Cafe Zinho "
How many tips has Michelle written in 2010
Return me the number of tips that are written by Michelle in 2010 .
How many tips has Michelle written in April
what is the number of restaurant in Texas
How many Bars in " Dallas " have a rating above 3.5 ?
How many Bars in Dallas have a rating above 3.5 ?
How many people reviewed the restaurant " Texas de Brazil " in Dallas Texas ?
How many people reviewed " Bistro Di Napoli " in 2015 ?
How many restaurant are there in the Hazelwood district of Dallas ?
How many Starbucks are there in Dallas Texas ?
How many reviews does " Acacia Cafe " have ?
Find the average number of checkins in restaurant " Barrio Cafe " per day
How many businesses are there in the " Stone Meadows " neighbourhood in Madison ?
How many reviews has Adrienne written ?
How many reviews has Michelle written in March 2014 ?
How many businesses has Michelle reviewed in 2010 ?
How many businesses in " San Diego " has Christine reviewed in 2010 ?
How many Target are there in " Los Angeles " ?
How many users have reviewed Irish Pub in Dallas ?
What is the average rating of reviews written in year 2014 ?
How many people reviewed restaurant " Vintner Grill " in 2010 ?
Find the number of reviews on businesses located in " South Summerlin " neighbourhood
Find the number of users called Michelle
Return me the number of businesses that are restaurant .
Return me the number of cities that has " Panda Express " .
Return me the number of tips that are written by Michelle .
Find the total checkins in " Brighton Heights " neighbourhood
Find the total number of reviews written in March
Find the number of tips written in each month
How many neighbourhoods have a business with rating 5 in Madison ?
Give me all the Moroccan restaurant in Texas
which business has the most number of checkins
which neighbourhood has the most number of businesses in Madison
Find all Mexican restaurant in Dallas with at least 3.5 stars
Find all Mexican restaurant in Dallas with a rating above 3.5
Find all restaurant with Valet Service in Dallas Texas
Find all Italian restaurant in the Meadowood neighbourhood of Madison
Find all Bars in " Los Angeles " with at least 30 reviews and average rating above 3 stars
How many Egyptian restaurant are there in Edinburgh ?
Find users whose average review rating is below 3
Find the business with the most number of reviews in April
Find the business which has the most number of categories
return me the homepage of PVLDB .
return me the homepage of " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the abstract of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the year of " Making database systems usable "
return me the year of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the papers after 2000 .
return me the homepage of the VLDB conference .
return me all the keywords .
return me all the organizations .
return me all the organizations in " North America " .
return me the homepage of " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of references of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the references of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the number of citations of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the citations of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the paper with more than 200 citations .
return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB 2010 .
return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB after 2010 .
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference in 2002 .
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference before 2002 .
return me the authors who have papers in VLDB conference before 2002 after 1995 .
return me the area of PVLDB .
return me the authors who have papers in PVLDB .
return me the organization " H. V. Jagadish " is in .
return me the conferences, which have papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the journals, which have papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the domain where " H. V. Jagadish " is focused .
return me the authors of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the conference, which published " Making database systems usable " .
return me the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the papers on VLDB conference .
return me the papers on PVLDB .
return me the papers on PVLDB after 2000 .
return me the papers on VLDB conference after 2000 .
return me the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on PVLDB .
return me the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on VLDB conference .
return me the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " after 2000 .
return me the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on PVLDB after 2000 .
return me the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on VLDB conference after 2000 .
return me the area of the VLDB conference .
return me the authors who have papers in the VLDB conference .
return me all the keywords in Databases area .
return me all the papers, which contain the keyword " Natural Language " .
return me the keywords of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the keywords related to " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the keywords in VLDB conference .
return me the keywords in PVLDB .
return me the keywords in the papers of " University of Michigan " .
return me the papers of " H. V. Jagadish " containing keyword " User Study " .
return me the papers in PVLDB containing keyword " Keyword search " .
return me the papers in VLDB conference containing keyword " Information Retrieval " .
return me the authors who have papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me all the organizations in Databases area .
return me all the organizations in Databases area located in " North America " .
return me all the researchers in " University of Michigan " .
return me all the researchers in Databases area in " University of Michigan " .
return me all the papers in " University of Michigan " .
return me all the papers after 2000 in " University of Michigan " .
return me all the papers in VLDB conference in " University of Michigan " .
return me all the papers in PVLDB in " University of Michigan " .
return me all the papers in PVLDB after 2000 in " University of Michigan " .
return me the paper in Databases area with more than 200 citations .
return me the paper in PVLDB with more than 200 citations .
return me the paper in VLDB conference with more than 200 citations .
return me the paper by " H. V. Jagadish " with more than 200 citations .
return me the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on PVLDB with more than 200 citations .
return me the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on VLDB conference with more than 200 citations .
return me the paper after 2000 with more than 200 citations .
return me the paper after 2000 in Databases area with more than 200 citations .
return me the paper after 2000 in PVLDB with more than 200 citations .
return me the paper after 2000 in VLDB conference with more than 200 citations .
return me the number of conferences which have papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the number of journals which have papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the number of papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " in each year .
return me the number of authors of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the number of citations of " Making database systems usable " in each year .
return me the number of citations of " Making database systems usable " before 2010 .
return me the number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the number of papers on VLDB conference .
return me the number of papers on PVLDB .
return me the number of papers after 2000 .
return me the number of papers on PVLDB after 2000 .
return me the number of papers on VLDB conference after 2000 .
return me the number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on PVLDB .
return me the number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on VLDB conference .
return me the number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " after 2000 .
return me the number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on PVLDB after 2000 .
return me the number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " on VLDB conference after 2000 .
return me the number of keywords .
return me the number of keywords in Databases area .
return me the number of papers which contain the keyword " Natural Language " .
return me the number of the keywords of " Making database systems usable " .
return me the number of the keywords related to " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the number of keywords in VLDB conference .
return me the number of keywords in PVLDB .
return me the number of keywords in the papers of " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of the papers of " H. V. Jagadish " containing keyword " User Study " .
return me the number of papers in PVLDB containing keyword " Keyword search " .
return me the number of papers in VLDB conference containing keyword " Information Retrieval " .
return me the number of authors who have papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the total citations of the papers containing keyword " Natural Language "
return me the number of the organizations .
return me the number of the organizations in " North America " .
return me the number of organizations in Databases area .
return me the number of organizations in Databases area located in " North America " .
return me the number of papers in " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of papers in " University of Michigan " in Databases area .
return me the number of papers after 2000 in " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of papers in VLDB conference in " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of papers in PVLDB in " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of papers in PVLDB after 2000 in " University of Michigan " .
return me the total citations of the papers in " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of researchers in " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of researchers in Databases area in " University of Michigan " .
return me the number of authors who have papers in PVLDB .
return me the number of authors who have papers in the VLDB conference .
return me the number of papers published on PVLDB before 2000 .
return me the number of papers published in the VLDB conference before 2000 .
return me the total citations of all the papers in PVLDB .
return me the citations of each paper in PVLDB .
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB in 2005 .
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB before 2005 .
return me the total citations of papers in PVLDB in each year .
return me the number of papers published in PVLDB in each year .
return me the total citations of all the papers in the VLDB conference .
return me the citations of each paper in the VLDB conference .
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference in 2005 .
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference before 2005 .
return me the total citations of papers in the VLDB conference in each year .
return me the number of papers published in the VLDB conference in each year .
return me the authors who have cooperated both with " H. V. Jagadish " and " Divesh Srivastava " .
return me the authors who have cooperated with " H. V. Jagadish " after 2000 .
return me the papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Divesh Srivastava " .
return me the papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Yunyao Li " after 2005 .
return me the papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Yunyao Li " on PVLDB .
return me the papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Yunyao Li " on PVLDB after 2005 .
return me the authors who have cooperated with " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Divesh Srivastava " before 2000 .
return me the authors who have cited the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the number of papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Divesh Srivastava " .
return me the number of papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Divesh Srivastava " before 2000 .
return me the number of papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " , " Yunyao Li " , and " Cong Yu " .
return me the number of authors who have cooperated with " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the number of authors who have cited the papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Divesh Srivastava " with more than 200 citations .
return me the author who has the most number of papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the conference that has the most number of papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the conference, which has the most number of papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the journal that has the most number of papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the journal, which has the most number of papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers in VLDB conference .
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers in PVLDB .
return me the keyword, which have been contained by the most number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the author in the " University of Michigan " whose papers have the most total citations .
return me the author in the " University of Michigan " whose papers in Databases area have the most total citations .
return me the papers written by " H. V. Jagadish " and " Divesh Srivastava " with the most number of citations .
return me the conferences, which have more than 10 papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the conference, which have the most number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the journals, which have more than 10 papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the journal, which have the most number of papers by " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the paper with the most citations .
return me the paper in Databases area with the most citations .
return me the paper in PVLDB with the most citations .
return me the paper in VLDB conference with the most citations .
return me the paper by " H. V. Jagadish " with the most citations .
return me the paper after 2000 with the most citations .
return me the paper after 2000 in Databases area with the most citations .
return me the paper after 2000 in PVLDB with the most citations .
return me the paper after 2000 in VLDB conference with the most citations .
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers in PVLDB .
return me the authors who have the most number of papers in PVLDB .
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the conferences, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the journals, which have more than 60 papers containing keyword " Relational Database " .
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in VLDB conference .
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 100 papers in PVLDB .
return me the keywords, which have been contained by more than 10 papers of " H. V. Jagadish " .
return me the authors who have more than 10 papers in the VLDB conference .
return me the author who has the most number of papers in the VLDB conference .
return me the author in the " University of Michigan " whose papers have more than 5000 total citations .
return me the author in the " University of Michigan " in Databases area whose papers have more than 5000 total citations .
What year is the movie " The Imitation Game " from ?
What year was the movie " The Imitation Game " produced
What year was " Benedict Cumberbatch " born ?
In what year was " Benedict Cumberbatch " born
What is the nationality of the actress " Christoph Waltz " ?
What is the nationality of the actor " Christoph Waltz " ?
Find all movies produced in 2015
Find all actors born in " Tehran "
Find all actors born in Tehran
Which actors were born in Tehran
Find all actors who are from Afghanistan
Find all actors from Afghanistan
Give me the name of all the actors from Afghanistan
Find all actors who were born in 1984
When was " Kevin Spacey " born ?
In what year was " Kevin Spacey " born ?
Where is the birth place of " Kevin Spacey "
In what city was " Kevin Spacey " born ?
What is the nationality of " Kevin Spacey " ?
How much was the budget of " Finding Nemo "
Find all movies directed by " Steven Spielberg " after 2006
Who is the director of the movie " James Bond " ?
Who directed the movie " James Bond " ?
List " James Bond " directors
Find the actor who played " Alan Turing " in the movie " The Imitation Game "
Who acted " Alan Turing " in the movie " The Imitation Game " ?
Who was the actor that played " Alan Turing " in the movie " The Imitation Game " ?
Who acts as " Alan Turing " in the movie " The Imitation Game " ?
Who is the actor playing " Alan Turing " in " The Imitation Game " ?
What is the genre of the movie " Jurassic Park " ?
Who was the director of the movie Joy from 2015 ?
Find all movies written by " Matt Damon "
Find all movies written and produced by " Woody Allen "
Find all movies featuring " Robin Wright "
What are all the movies featuring " Robin Wright " ?
Find all movies in which " Robin Wright " appears
What was the budget of the movie Juno from 2007 ?
Find all Sci-Fi produced in year 2010
List all the Sci-Fi movies which released in 2010
Find all actors born in " Austin " after 1980
Who are the actors born in " Austin " after 1980 ?
Find all actors from Austin born after 1980
Find all movies by directors born in " Los Angeles "
Find all actors who were born in " New York City " in 1984
Find all movies about nuclear weapons
What are the movies related to nuclear weapons
Which movies did " Alfred Hitchcock " direct ?
Find all movies directed by " Asghar Farhadi " and featuring " Taraneh Alidoosti "
What are all the movies directed by " Asghar Farhadi " featuring " Taraneh Alidoosti " ?
How many movies are there that are directed by " Asghar Farhadi " and featuring " Taraneh Alidoosti " ?
List all the movies directed by " Asghar Farhadi " in which " Taraneh Alidoosti " played
What are all the tv series created by " Shonda Rhimes " ?
Who acts " Olivia Pope " in the series Scandal ?
Who is the writer of the movie " The Truman Show "
Who is the writer of " The Truman Show "
What are the series featuring " Scott Foley " ?
What are the series in which " Scott Foley " is an actor ?
Find the directors of all movies featuring " Kate Winslet "
Find the producers of all movies in which " Kate Winslet " is an actor
Who is the director of the tv series " House of Cards " from 2013 ?
Find all the female actors from Austin
Find all actors from Italy born after 1980
Find all the female actors born in " New York City " after 1980
Find all the female actors in the movie " Saving Private Ryan "
Find all the directors who are from Afghanistan
Find the actors who played in the movie " Camp X-Ray "
Find all actors from Canada who acted in " James Bond " movies
find all films in which " Rowan Atkinson " acted as " Mr. Bean "
where is the director of " The Past " from
who acted the role of " Mr. Bean "
what are the genres of movies directed by " Asghar Farhadi "
Which movie had the character " Daffy Duck "
What are the major roles in the movie " Daddy Long Legs "
List all the directors of movies about nuclear weapons
What is the number of movies in which " Jennifer Aniston " acted after 2010 ?
What is the number of actors in the movie " Saving Private Ryan " ?
How many actors are in the movie " Saving Private Ryan " ?
How many movies did " Steven Spielberg " direct ?
How many movies were produced in the year 2013 ?
What is the number of movies produced in 2013 ?
What is the number of movies directed by " Woody Allen " per year ?
How many movies did " Shahab Hosseini " act in ?
What is the number of movies in which " Shahab Hosseini " acted ?
What is the number of movies featuring " Shahab Hosseini " ?
How many movies did " Shahab Hosseini " act in
How many actors were born in " Los Angeles " after 2000 ?
How many movies did " Humphrey Bogart " act in before 1942 ?
What is the number of movies that " Brad Pitt " acts in per year ?
How many movies about Iraq war were produced in 2015 ?
How many movies about Persians were released after 1990 ?
How many movies did " Quentin Tarantino " direct after 2010 ?
How many movies did " Quentin Tarantino " direct before 2010 ?
How many movies did " Quentin Tarantino " direct before 2002 and after 2010 ?
How many female actors were born in " New York City " after 1980 ?
find the number of actors from Iran who played in " Jim Jarmusch " movies
How many actors from China have acted in " Rush Hour 3 "
Find all movies that star both " Woody Strode " and " Jason Robards "
Find all movies featuring " Woody Strode " and " Jason Robards "
Find all movies featuring both " Woody Strode " and " Jason Robards "
Find all movies featuring " Jason Robards " and " Woody Strode "
Find all actors who acted in the same movie as " Tom Hanks "
What movies have the same director as the movie " Revolutionary Road " ?
Find the movie which is classified in the most number of genres
which movie has the most number of actors from China ?
Find the actors who played in the latest movie by " Quentin Tarantino "
Find the name and budget of the latest movie by " Quentin Tarantino "
What is the latest movie by " Jim Jarmusch "
Which producer has worked with the most number of directors ?
Find the latest movie which " Gabriele Ferzetti " acted in
how many buttercup kitchen are there in san francisco ?
how many chinese restaurants are there in the bay area ?
how many places for chinese food are there in the bay area ?
how many chinese places are there in the bay area ?
how many places for chinese are there in the bay area ?
how many jamerican cuisine are there in santa cruz county ?
where is jamerican cuisine ?
what is the best french restaurant in san francisco ?
What is the best french in san francisco ?
What is the best place in san francisco for french food ?
Give me the best place in san francisco for french food ?
Where is the best french in san francisco ?
Give me the best french in san francisco ?
Where is the best french restaurant in san francisco ?
Give me the best restaurant in san francisco for french food ?
Give me the best french restaurant in san francisco ?
What is the best restaurant in san francisco for french food ?
Where is the best restaurant in san francisco for french food ?
where is denny in the bay area ?
what are some good restaurants on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
give me some good restaurants on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
give me a good restaurant on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
what is a good restaurant on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
where can we find a restaurant in alameda ?
give me a restaurant in alameda ?
where can we find some restaurants in alameda ?
where is a restaurant in alameda ?
give me some restaurants in alameda ?
give me some restaurants good for french food ?
where are some restaurants good for french food ?
how many places for french food are there in palo alto ?
how many french restaurants are there in palo alto ?
how many french restaurant are there in palo alto ?
how many places for french are there in palo alto ?
how many italian restaurants are in the yolo county ?
where can i eat french food in mountain view ?
how many denny are there in the bay area ?
give me a good restaurant in alameda ?
what are some good restaurants in alameda ?
what is a good restaurant in alameda ?
give me some good restaurants in alameda ?
where is a good restaurant on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where are some good arabics on buchanan in san francisco ?
where is a good arabic restaurant on buchanan in san francisco ?
what are some good places for arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me a good arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me some restaurants good for arabic food on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me a good place on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where is a good place on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where can i eat arabic food on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me some good places on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where is a arabic restaurant on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me a restaurant on buchanan in san francisco that serves good arabic food ?
give me a good restaurant on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
where is a restaurant on buchanan in san francisco that serves good arabic food ?
give me some good restaurants on buchanan in san francisco for arabic food ?
give me some good places for arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
where can i eat some good arabic food on buchanan in san francisco ?
where is a good arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
where are some restaurants good for arabic food on buchanan in san francisco ?
where are some good places for arabic on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me a good arabic restaurant on buchanan in san francisco ?
give me some good arabics on buchanan in san francisco ?
where can i eat french food in the bay area ?
give me some restaurants on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
give me a restaurant on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
where can we find a restaurant on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
where can we find some restaurants on bethel island rd in bethel island ?
where is the best restaurant in the bay area for american food ?
where is the best restaurant in bay area for american food ?
what is the best restaurant in bay area for american food ?
what is the best american restaurant in the bay area ?
where is the best american restaurant in the bay area ?
what is the best american in the bay area ?
give me the best restaurant in the bay area for american food ?
give me the best restaurant in bay area for american food ?
what is the best restaurant in the bay area for american food ?
where is the best american in the bay area ?
give me the best american in the bay area ?
give me the best american restaurant in the bay area ?
give me some restaurants good for french food in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
what are some good places in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
give me a good restaurant in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
give me a good french restaurant in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
where is a good place in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
where are some restaurants good for french food in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
give me a good place in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
where is a good restaurant in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
what are some good restaurants in the yosemite and mono lake area for french food ?
where is a good french restaurant in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
where can i eat some good french food in the yosemite and mono lake area ?
where are some restaurants good for arabic food in mountain view ?
what are some good places in mountain view for arabic food ?
where are some good arabic restaurants in mountain view ?
show me a good arabic restaurant in mountain view ?
give me a good arabic in mountain view ?
give me a good arabic restaurant in mountain view ?
give me a good place in mountain view for arabic food ?
where are some good arabics in mountain view ?
where is a restaurant in mountain view that serves good arabic food ?
what are some good restaurants in mountain view for arabic food ?
give me some restaurants good for arabic food in mountain view ?
where can i eat some good arabic food in mountain view ?
give me some good places for arabic in mountain view ?
where is a good arabic in mountain view ?
give me a restaurant in mountain view that serves good arabic food ?
give me some good arabic restaurants in mountain view ?
where are some good places for arabic in mountain view ?
give me some good arabics in mountain view ?
give me a good restaurant in mountain view for arabic food ?
where is a good arabic restaurant in mountain view ?
what are some good places for arabic in mountain view ?
where is a good restaurant in mountain view for arabic food ?
where is a good place in mountain view for arabic food ?
where can i find a jamerican cuisine in san francisco ?
where is jamerican cuisine in san francisco ?
where is a jamerican cuisine in san francisco ?
where can we find some restaurants in the bay area ?
give me some restaurants in the bay area ?
give me a restaurant in the bay area ?
where can i find a restaurant in the bay area ?
give me a good restaurant in the bay area ?
what are some good restaurants in the bay area ?
give me some good restaurants in the bay area ?
what is a good restaurant in the bay area ?
